I think I have implemented everything I needed to now. Unfortunately, 
a couple problems have come up. 

I was able to calculate the center position for strokes by using a rough
approximation of the center of the bounding box for the stroke. This is
not a very good measure of the center of the stroke but should be fine
for very simple images like I plan to use. 

I also implemented dervied views this week. This is done by simply
reflecting the image depending on the direction of the camera. One 
problem that came up with this was the depth ordering of shapes in the
original svg image. I thing I have found a way to solve this problem 
using a better image creator.

To determine the z-ordering for the final image I create a vector from
the origin to the anchor position as well as a vector from the origin
to the new camera position. I then dot these together and sort. The 
closest stroke will be the one with the largest dot product so I draw 
the strokes in increasing order.

One problem that has come up is determining the shape of the new stroke.
While I was just looping through and averaging the lineto, etc points I
realized this won't work unless the strokes have the same order of 
instructions across views. This is really hard to do when creating an 
image. So I need to figure out a new way to combine the strokes and 
determine the new shape for the stroke.

Another problem that came up was creating the derived views in cases 
where the stroke wrapped around and needs to appear in the key view 
and the derived view. This is awkward when creating the images since
points are needed in the middle of the stroke so that they line up 
with the edge of the other stroke.

I thought I was pretty much back on schedule and just needed better
images to test with. Then while trying to create better images I 
discovered some of the problems I mentioned so I am a bit behind 
schedule. I will be spending most of this weekend trying to figure
out a way to combine the strokes to get the new shape as well as 
creating better images.

If there is time I wanted to adjust size based on the distance
from the specified camera location to the origin since I am 
currently only dealing with the ratio of x to y to z. However, it 
does not look like I will have time for this.
